Enough is enough and I’ve had enough.
	I think that there are lots of words and phrases containing those words that could in one single moment turn my skin inside-out, make me wail with joy or maybe even make me scream in agonising pain. But just one world alone in a vacuum is simply not powerful enough to do that. But just like people and everything else we interact with; words don’t simply exist in a vacuum. They live in much larger phrases and texts; they live with all the context, subtext, metaphors and much much more. A normal person can literally not comprehend all of it. And precisely in that regard, words are very powerful. They make up the fabric of all conversations from romantic to academic and so on and so forth. The words may change but the meaning doesn’t. At least I hope so.
	So, let’s face it. I’ve been thinking about words. But after I got tired of it one word kind of got stuck in my head. Now, it’s not that I somehow “hate” that word, or that I wouldn’t ever use it or something. It’s just that I sort of feel that the word leaves you wanting more. The more I thought about it the more irrationally angry and frustrated I got. Not at that word though, it’s just working, that’s how words work, right?
	To better understand what I’m talking about, I’m going to list a bunch of examples – and my personal reaction to them.
Examples: 
“You’re enough.” is this supposed to be positive? Am I enough for what? Can I ever be something more than enough? It just feels like settling with me cause “it’s good enough” right?
“You’re not enough.”?? God that just hurts. Am I not enough for what? In every regard? Not good enough to enrol in the school I wanted to or to get the job I wanted etc.
“I’ve done enough” just sounds like I should’ve done more (or less) but for whatever reason I didn’t and/or couldn’t.
“I’ve had enough”. Sounding out with this loud sigh of defeat and a vague scene of leaving out the door, just feels so sad and melancholic; and lonely.
“I’ve had enough... to drink”? Not only you’re most likely pissed out of your mind when you barely stumble through slurring the sentence out, but you’re also letting down all your mates in the process. Sure, it’s the responsible thing to do, regarding your personal finances and your personal health. But it doesn’t always work out as easily, now does it?
	Depending on context, with the use of the word “enough” someone, (me/you/they) always ends up disappointed in some way, shape or form. The word can end up making the sentence feel more neutral, humorous, or even just plain sad. As I’ve said before, this doesn’t mean that we should avoid that word. I guess it just makes a point that you should in fact think before you speak (or write).
