# 1 (One) Year Reflection
by Matus Seliga
4.5.2024
## Oh my god. Who am I, what did I do and what am I doing?
  It is currently May. I don't remeber what was I doing this time last year so I'll have to check my camera roll, hold on a second. This time, last year, I was living a very similar yet completely different life. I'm still living in the apartment i did then, still going to the same school, yet everything feels different. As if the veil of present combined with hazy memory completely transformed everything from the ground up. Every day feels the same yet when I look back everything is different. I was supposed to end my animation bachelor this year, then I guess I'd find an apartment and a job and live out the rest of my life day by day like some kind of treachery of my teenage self's expectation. But that's not happening (at least for another year), for I'm extending my bachelor's to the next year. 
  Is this just procrastination? Maybe, partly? 
  Am I just too scared to go to the "real-world"? Yes, maybe, a bit? 
  Do I want to extend my beautiful young and healthy student lifestyle? YES, of course. 
  Do my parents love this decision? After explaining it further, they seemed fine with it. 
  No, really. You see, if everything falls into place I can go on a max. half-year internship wherever I manage to land a position. I think this is great once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that I simply can't pass up on. I need to make the most of it right now, while it's happening. 
 Some nights I wake up in cold sweat from vivid nightmares about my future. In august I'll have to move from my current apartment and I can't find another one because I'll go on the internship abroad and it wouldn't be very financially wise to pay up to half-a-year of rent for an empty apartment. Everything is very uncertain at the moment and I'm not sure about what to expect. Everything will change and then it'll change again and again and keep changing, for better of for worse... I guess maybe that's still better than nothing ever changing? Both sound dreadful. But I picked this for myself and I have to stick with it. Or I DON'T HAVE to stick with it but then I'd have to stick with not sticking with it. I'm excited and nervous about what the future holds. But I'll try to manage, of course.
  Nothing ever goes 100% right and if it does it's a hoax. It will get bad and then maybe good and it is all for me to experience it. (I hope I don't eat my words) I wonder how will I look at this text once another year had passed due to the slow and distressing marching of time.
